hi my name is Brandi Allen celebrity
makeup artist here at bye-bye studio in
Los Angeles and I want to demonstrate
how to do it yourself spray tan so the
key to having a beautiful spray tan its
first make sure you exfoliate your skin
you don't want any texture left on the
skin for the spray tan and catch and
also if you really want a smooth result
make sure you shave second make sure you
don't moisturize you don't want the skin
to emollient for the product not stick
and also make sure you wear a bathing
suit and gloves because I'm a makeup
artist I'm going to demonstrate with my
makeup brush and the product but at home
I do suggest wearing gloves alright so
let's get to work I'm going to step away
about a foot from her arm and begin the
spray making sure I'm spraying evenly
luckily we have this towel here this is
a little messy so if you want to avoid
mess spray on your brush going to work
the product in making sure I'm catching
all areas
I chose a light to medium color for her
so can look more natural and golden now
because this product doesn't have SPF in
it I'm going to follow up with an SPF by
neutrogena and this will protect her
skin and also even out any blotchiness
and I'm doing this step before the
product sets just to make sure I get any
uneven areas alright so the product
suggest that we wait 60 seconds but I
want to wait five minutes and make sure
nothing transfers and the product is set
and we're back so five minutes later
here's the results of a beautiful spray
tan let's compare the two arms here's
the untanned arm and here's the tan arm
big difference for more tips and tricks
please visit Brandi Alan calm or the
makeup mix calm thank you